Simple Past Tense: 

The past tense in English is used:

    to talk about the past
    to talk about hypotheses (when we imagine something)
    for politeness.

Form:
Second Form of Verb:  usually, Verb + ed 

walk - walked
talk - talked
ask  - asked
live - lived
listen - listened
watch - watched
click - clicked
close - closed
open - opened
play - played
look - looked


write - wrote
bring - brought
think - thought
eat   - ate
go    - went
sit   - sat
sleep - slept
run   - ran



read - read

yes or no questions: 
I completed the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book last night at home partially
Did I complete the book last night at home partially?


W/H Questions: 
I completed the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book when at home partially
When I did complete the book at home partially?
When did I complete the book at home partially? 

I completed the book last night at home partially
I did complete what last night at home partially
What I did complete last night at home partially
What did I complete last night at home partially? 

I completed the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book last night at home partially
Who did complete the book last night at home partially?

I completed the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book last night where partially
Where I did complete the book last night partially
Where did I complete the book last night partially? 

I completed the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book last night at home how
How I did complete the book last night at home
How did I complete the book last night at home?

I completed the book last night at home partially
I did complete the book last night at home partially 
I did complete the book last night at home partially Why
Why I did complete the book last night at home partially Why
Why did I complete the book last night at home partially?

Most Powerful Tense: 
Once upon a time, there was a crow.  There was a grandma.  Grandma sold Vadais.  One day, she prepared Vadai.  Crow came there.  It asked Grandma,
a vadai.  Grandma told 'No'.  Crow waited for some time.  Grandma placed vadais in a plate.  Crow flew nearby grandma.  It took one and said 
Bye.  On its way, it saw a Fox.  Fox was very clever.  Fox told Crow, "You are very beautiful".  Crow heard that.  It was very happy. Fox 
requested to sing a song. Crow understood fox's plan.  It refused to sing.  Deceptive Fox ran away.  Crow went to its place happily. 



Keywords: 
Yesterday, 
Last week, 
Last month
Last year
Ago
Once
Once upon a time
In those days
One day
Then
In 1980s / 1985 / like this
In olden days
In ancient times
In early days
In my childhood
In my boyhood days
Today morning / This morning 


References: https://learnenglish.britishcouncil.org/grammar/english-grammar-reference/past-tense
http://www.english-for-students.com/Keywords-to-indicate-the-presence-of-Simple-Past-Tense.html

