Yes or No Game:
Rules:
1) No Single word Answers
2) No Head Nods, Yeah, Ah, Uh.
3) Answer should be in Full Sentence

Simple Present Tense: Positive:
1) Do you like upma?
2) Do you read newspaper today?
3) Does he think positively nowadays?
4) Do they overcome the problem ?
5) Do we start working on this ?
6) Do I invite him this afternoon?
7) Do you call him to the movie?
8) Does she play Carrom?
9) Do we have holiday today?
10) Does she look pretty good today?

Simple Present Tense: Negative:
1) Don't you like upma?
2) Don't you read newspaper today?
3) Doesn't he think positively?
4) Don't they overcome the problem?
5) Don't we start working on this?
6) Don't I send a message to him?
7) Don't you call him to the movie?
8) Doesn't she play Carrom?
9) Don't we have holiday today?
10) Does she look pretty good today?

Simple Past: Positive:
1) Did she sing a song yesterday?
2) Did he come to class day before yesterday?
3) Did you reach him last week?
4) Did it happen long before?
5) Did I sleep for long time last night?
6) Did We book ticket last week?
7) Did they go to movie leaving me day before yesterday?
8) Did they complete the home work ?
9) Did you reach the exam hall on time today?
10) Did she update the status to us last month?

Simple Past: Negative:
1) Didn't she sing a song yesterday?
2) Didn't he come to class day before yesterday?
3) Didn't you reach him last week?
4) Didn't it happen long before?
5) Didn't I sleep for long time last night?
6) Didn't We book ticket last week?
7) Didn't they go to movie leaving me day before yesterday?
8) Didn't they complete the home work ?
9) Didn't you reach the exam hall on time today?
10) Didn't she update the status to us last month?

Simple Future: Positive:
1) Will you go there tomorrow?
2) Shall I complete this later?
3) Will they update us this evening?
4) Shall we start packing for next week tour?
5) Will he receive the offer letter tomorrow?
6) Will she be Ok in two days?
7) Will it be good to start own business?
8) Will youngsters like this movie?
9) Will this rain bring chillness?
10) Will this be applicable to new comers too?

Simple Future: Negative:
1) Won't you go there tomorrow?
2) Shan't I complete this later?
3) Won't they update us this evening?
4) Shan't we start packing for next week tour?
5) Won't he receive the offer letter tomorrow?
6) Won't she be Ok in two days?
7) Won't it be good to start own business?
8) Won't youngsters like this movie?
9) Won't this rain bring chillness?
10) Won't this be applicable to new comers too?


Present Continuous: Positive
1) Are you living in Chennai?
2) Are you sleeping Now?
3) Is it raining outside?
4) Is he writing something?
5) Is the light glowing?
6) Is the dog barking there?
7) Are you chewing something?
8) Is he speaking to someone over phone?
9) Are they coming to function?
10) Are we going to Movie today?

Present Continuous: Negative:
1) Aren't you living in Chennai?
2) Aren't you sleeping Now?
3) Isn't it raining outside?
4) Isn't he writing something?
5) Isn't the light glowing?
6) Isn't the dog barking there?
7) Aren't you chewing something?
8) Isn't he speaking to someone over phone?
9) Aren't they coming to function?
10) Aren't we going to Movie today?

Present Perfect Tense: Positive:
1) Have you gone to native last week?
2) Have they told us this update earlier?
3) Have you ever gone to Mumbai?
4) Have I taught you this program already?
5) Has tiger come this place last night?
6) Has it happened again this year?
7) Have you ever tried climbing a coconut tree?
8) Have the players done a great job in last World cup?
9) Has the actor acted very well in his last movie?
10) Has he written letter to his daughter?

Present Perfect: Negative:
Present Perfect Tense: Negative:
1) Haven't you gone to native last week?
2) Haven't they told us this update earlier?
3) Haven't you ever gone to Mumbai?
4) Haven't I taught you this program already?
5) Hasn't tiger come this place last night?
6) Hasn't it happened again this year?
7) Haven't you ever tried climbing a coconut tree?
8) Haven't the players done a great job in last World cup?
9) Hasn't the actor acted very well in his last movie?
10) Hasn't he written letter to his daughter?

Past Perfect Tense: Positive:
1) Had you gone to native last week?
2) Had they told us this update earlier?
3) Had you ever gone to Mumbai?
4) Had I taught you this program already?
5) Had tiger come this place last night?
6) Had it happened again this year?
7) Had you ever tried climbing a coconut tree?
8) Had the players done a great job in last World cup?
9) Had the actor acted very well in his last movie?
10) Had he written letter to his daughter?

Past Perfect Tense: Negative:
1) Hadn't you gone to native last week?
2) Hadn't they told us this update earlier?
3) Hadn't you ever gone to Mumbai?
4) Hadn't I taught you this program already?
5) Hadn't tiger come this place last night?
6) Hadn't it happened again this year?
7) Hadn't you ever tried climbing a coconut tree?
8) Hadn't the players done a great job in last World cup?
9) Hadn't the actor acted very well in his last movie?
10) Hadn't he written letter to his daughter?
